Our common goal is to liberate you from Premature Ejaculation phenomenon, once and forever.
All you need is to strictly follow our instructions that last no more than 30 minutes for 10 times. It means dedication to this learning project for totally only for 5 hours and thereafter you will be able, based on what have learned to construct your own sequence of pleasurable sexual act. All we guarantee is that you won't be disappointed.
Let's start.

We will guide you safely to new horizons and new achievements.
The position recommended and most suited to complete the levels is laying on your back while your female partner above you.
Once penetrated the count of 1800 seconds begins.
Each 30 minutes program is divided into 3 equally divided levels of 10 minutes each. During each of those 10 minutes you will be asked to penetrate your partners vagina with pre established  frequency as follows: for the first 10 minutes the frequency of penetration will be with 30 seconds interval between one and other, second 10 minutes level the frequency of penetration will increase to 15 seconds between each one' and finally the third and the last 10 minutes of each session the frequency of penetration will be each 5 seconds No more higher frequency of penetration is allowed during those sessions.
And in more details. Once penetrated after foreplay you should stop any friction between your genital organs for 30 seconds, thereafter you can move forth forward (out/in) and avoid for another 30 seconds any friction between genitalia. This very frequency of penetration you should follow for the first 10 minutes of the session. Any other activity is allowed while you are still with your genitalia. You may think that nothing happens during this time you stay still. Well, scientifically you are wrong. There are plenty of thing that occur without you to be conscious to them. Your ejaculation center is receiving continuous stimuli from the skin of your penis while you stay still and those stimuli gradually increase the threshold of your ejaculation center and delay time to ejaculation forever. Consciously you get accustomed to your partners vaginas warmth and wetness and you understand that you can do otherwise than before.
The next 10 minutes the frequency changes to 15 seconds of staying still with you genitia in your partners genitalia. Friction of penetration out/in or forth forward movement is allowed each 15 seconds/ the same conscious as well as unconscious processes continue to involve your body, processes that will increase the threshold to ejaculation and make the ejaculation center a durable and controllable nervous center.
Finally, you have reached the last and third part of 30 minutes session. In the last 10 minutes your are allowed to increase the frequency of penetration to 12 time a minute, that means 5 minutes staying still with your genitalia and no friction but each 5 seconds. During this period too the ejaculation nervous center cells get are reinforces as has happened from the beginning of the session.
If no ejaculation happened during the 30 minutes session you are allowed to continue at any rhythm you want.
A complete session means that you have not ejeaculated for 30 seconds. If for any reason you have ejaculation before the end of 30 seconds it is ok but not counted as successful goal achievement.
If you do not wish your partner to know that you are doing this program and do not want to use near the bed this app, all you need is just to remember the instruction of frequency of penetration. For this you will need any watch with seconds. Without the strict adherence to the regimen we lose the feeling of time and cannot appreciate how much time elapsed from the start of the first penetration.
Please be aware that the orgasms will be much stronger than you are used to. That is because as long as you stay inside the vagina the stronger is your orgasm. Each penetration is like flowing air into balloon that finally explodes. The bigger dimensions get the balloon the bigger will be its explosion energy.